OBJECT ORIENTED PROGRAMMING SYSTEMS- JAVA
-----------------------------------------
                - Object-Oriented Programming
                            is a methodology or paradigm to design a program using
                            classes and objects. It simplifies the software development
                            and maintenance by providing some concepts defined below :

                - Class
                        is a user-defined data type which defines its properties and
                        its functions. Class is the only logical representation of the
                        data. For example, Human being is a class. The body parts of a
                        human being are its properties, and the actions performed by the
                        body parts are known as functions. The class does not occupy any
                         memory space till the time an object is instantiated.

                - Object
                        is a run-time entity. It is an instance of the class. An object
                        can represent a person, place or any other item. An object can
                        operate on both data members and member functions.


                Note : When an object is created using a new keyword, then space is
                        allocated for the variable in a heap, and the starting address
                        is stored in the stack memory.

                ‘this’ keyword :
                        ‘this’ keyword in Java that refers to the current instance of
                            the class. In OOPS it is used to:

                        1. pass the current object as a parameter to another method
                        2. refer to the current class instance variable


                Constructor : Constructor is a special method which is invoked
                            automatically at the time of object creation. It is used
                            to initialize the data members of new objects generally.

                            * Constructors have the same name as class or structure.
                            * Constructors don’t have a return type. (Not even void)
                            * Constructors are only called once, at object creation.

                There can be three types of constructors in Java.

                            1. Non-Parameterized constructor :
                                    A constructor which has no argument is known as
                                    non-parameterized constructor(or no-argument constructor).
                                    It is invoked at the time of creating an object. If we don’t
                                    create one then it is created by default by Java.

                            2. Parameterized constructor :
                                    Constructor which has parameters is called a parameterized constructor.
                                    It is used to provide different values to distinct objects.

                            3. Copy Constructor :
                                    A Copy constructor is an overloaded constructor used
                                    to declare and initialize an object from another object.
                                    There is only a user defined copy constructor in Java
                                    (C++ has a default one too).

                Note : Unlike languages like C++, Java has no Destructor. Instead,
                       Java has an efficient  garbage collector that deallocates
                       memory automatically.

        Polymorphism
        -------------
                Polymorphism is the ability to present the same interface for
                differing underlying forms (data types). With polymorphism, each
                of these classes will have different underlying data. Precisely,
                Poly means ‘many’ and morphism means ‘forms’.

                Types of Polymorphism IMP
                            1. Compile Time Polymorphism (Static)
                            2. Runtime Polymorphism (Dynamic)

               Let’s understand them one by one :
                        Compile Time Polymorphism :
                                The polymorphism which is implemented at the compile time
                                is known as compile-time polymorphism. Example - Method
                                Overloading

                        Method Overloading :
                            Method overloading is a technique which allows you to have
                            more than one function with the same function name but with
                            different functionality. Method overloading can be possible
                            on the following basis:

                                1. The type of the parameters passed to the function.
                                2. The number of parameters passed to the function.

                        Runtime Polymorphism :
                                Runtime polymorphism is also known as dynamic polymorphism.
                                Function overriding is an example of runtime polymorphism.
                                Function overriding means when the child class contains the
                                method which is already present in the parent class. Hence,
                                the child class overrides the method of the parent class.
                                In case of function overriding, parent and child classes
                                both contain the same function with a different definition.
                                The call to the function is determined at runtime is known
                                as runtime polymorphism.

    Inheritance
    ----------
        Inheritance is a process in which one object acquires all the properties
        and behaviors of its parent object automatically. In such a way, you can reuse,
        extend or modify the attributes and behaviors which are defined in other classes.

        In Java, the class which inherits the members of another class is called derived
        class and the class whose members are inherited is called base class. The derived
        class is the specialized class for the base class.

        Types of Inheritance :
            1. Single inheritance :
                    When one class inherits another class, it is known as single
                     level inheritance
            2. Hierarchical inheritance : Hierarchical inheritance is defined as
                    the process of deriving more than one class from a base class.

            3. Multilevel inheritance :
                    Multilevel inheritance is a process of deriving a
                        class from another derived class.

            4. Hybrid inheritance :
                    Hybrid inheritance is a combination of simple, multiple inheritance
                    and hierarchical inheritance.

   Package in Java
   -----------------
                Package is a group of similar types of classes, interfaces and sub-packages.
                 Packages can be built-in or user defined. Built-in packages
                            - java, util, io etc.

    Access Modifiers in Java
    -------------------------
                Private:
                     The access level of a private modifier is only within the class.
                     It cannot be accessed from outside the class.

                Default:
                    The access level of a default modifier is only within the package.
                    It cannot be accessed from outside the package. If you do not specify
                    any access level, it will be the default.

                Protected:
                    The access level of a protected modifier is within the package
                    and outside the package through child class. If you do not make the
                    child class, it cannot be accessed from outside the package.

                Public:
                   The access level of a public modifier is everywhere. It can be accessed
                   from within the class, outside the class, within the package and outside
                   the package.

   Encapsulation
  ----------------
            Encapsulation is the process of combining data and functions into a single
            unit called class. In Encapsulation, the data is not accessed directly;
            it is accessed through the functions present inside the class. In simpler
            words, attributes of the class are kept private and public getter and setter
            methods are provided to manipulate these attributes. Thus, encapsulation
            makes the concept of data hiding possible.(Data hiding: a language feature
            to restrict access to members of an object, reducing the negative effect
            due to dependencies. e.g. "protected", "private" feature in Java).

  Abstraction
  ------------
        We try to obtain an abstract view, model or structure of a real life problem,
        and reduce its unnecessary details. With definition of properties of problems,
        including the data which are affected and the operations which are identified,
        the model abstracted from problems can be a standard solution to this type of
        problem. It is an efficient way since there are nebulous real-life problems that
        have similar properties.

        In simple terms, it is hiding the unnecessary details & showing only the
        essential parts/functionalities to the user.

  Data binding :
            Data binding is a process of binding the application UI and business logic.
            Any change made in the business logic will reflect directly to the
            application UI.

    Abstraction is achieved in 2 ways :
                        - Abstract class
                        - Interfaces (Pure Abstraction)

    1. Abstract Class
                * An abstract class must be declared with an abstract keyword.
                * It can have abstract and non-abstract methods.
                * It cannot be instantiated.
                * It can have constructors and static methods also.
                * It can have final methods which will force the subclass not to
                  change the body of the method.

    2. Interfaces
                * All the fields in interfaces are public, static and final by default.
                * All methods are public & abstract by default.
                * A class that implements an interface must implement all the methods
                  declared in the interface.
                * Interfaces support the functionality of multiple inheritance.


    Static Keyword
    ---------------
                Static can be :
                            1. Variable (also known as a class variable)
                            2. Method (also known as a class method)
                            3. Block
                            4. Nested class


